---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hoop_connection Resource - hoop"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a connection resource in Hoop Platform.
---

# hoop_connection (Resource)

Manage a connection resource in Hoop Platform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hoop_connection" "bash" {
  name     = "bash-console"
  type     = "custom"
  subtype  = ""
  agent_id = "75122bce-f957-49eb-a812-2ab60977cd9f"

  command = [
    "bash",
  ]

  secrets = {
    "envvar:MYENV"      = "value"
    "filesystem:MYFILE" = "file-content"
  }

  reviewers = [
    "admin",
  ]

  redact_types = [
    "EMAIL_ADDRESS",
    "PHONE_NUMBER"
  ]

  access_mode_runbooks = "enabled"
  access_mode_exec     = "enabled"
  access_mode_connect  = "enabled"
  access_schema        = "enabled"

  # guardrail_rules = []
  # jira_issue_template_id = ""


  tags = {
    environment = "development"
    type        = "custom"
    purpose     = "demo"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_mode_connect` (String) Enables or disables access native access when interacting with the connection.
- `access_mode_exec` (String) Enables or disables access to execute one off commands for the connection.
- `access_mode_runbooks` (String) Enables or disables access to runbooks for the connection.
- `access_schema` (String) Enables or disables displaying the instrospection schema tree of database type connections.
- `agent_id` (String) The ID of the agent associated with the connection.
- `name` (String) The name of the connection resource.
- `type` (String) The type of the connection resource

### Optional

- `command` (List of String) The command entrypoint that will be executed for one off executions.
- `guardrail_rules` (List of String) A list of guardrail rule ids to be applied to the connection.
- `jira_issue_template_id` (String) The ID of the Jira issue template to be used for the connection.
- `redact_types` (List of String) A list of redact types, these values are dependent of which DLP provider is being used.
- `reviewers` (List of String) A list of reviewer groups for the connection.
- `secrets` (Map of String, Sensitive) A map of secrets to be used by the connection.
- `subtype` (String) The subtype of the connection resource.
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of tags to be associated with the connection.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the connection resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# connection could be imported by using the name of the connection
terraform import hoop_connection.bash bash-console
```
